Hello, my name is Yusuf Ahmed,
and I'm a computer engineering student
at Galala University
specializing in cybersecurity.
I have always been passionate about
understanding how systems can be protected,
and more importantly, how attackers think.
Thats what led me into the world
of penetration testing.
I enjoy exploring how networks,
applications, and servers
work beneath the surface.
My main focus is on finding
vulnerabilities before
malicious hackers do.
I use tools like Nmap burp-suite,
Metasploit to simulate real-world attacks
in ethical ways,
and strength system defense.
Another area I'm deeply interested in is
firewall configuration
and network security.
I have learned how firewalls act
as the first line of defense,
controlling traffics,
detecting institutions, and ensuring
only trusted connections are allowed.
It taught me how small miss configuration
can open big security holes and how
precision really matters in this field.
For me, cybersecurity isn't
just about hacking or defensing.
It's about understanding the logic
of protection,
thinking like both attackers and defender,
and stay one step ahead.
Thank you for watching,
and I hope you enjoyed my web page.